BASICS
------

Git helps manage and store repositories. It will hold a 'master' copy of the repository, and any branches and changes, online in the cloud.
It allows for multiple different versions of the repository to be downloaded by users, and stores a complete history of all changes to all
files in the repo. Additionally, anyone may download the repository, and store a local version on their computer. Git provides tools for 
users to submit their changes to the master repository, and then for other users to download the changes to their local copy.

TO DOWNLOAD THE REPOSITORY
--------------------------

1) Ensure git is downloaded on your machine
  - Run 'git --version' from command prompt. If command 'git' is not found, you need to download it.
  - Download installer from https://git-scm.com/downloads. Run installer, can just click through installation options.
2) Download the repository
  - Open Git Bash
  - Run 'git clone https://github.com/nanophys/MeasureIt.git'
  
USING GIT
---------

There are a few options to manage the repository:
1) Website
2) Git GUI (installed with Git)
3) Command line tools

These all function on the same underlying structure. The way to "save" in git is to add a file to a commit. Each commit saves changes to
every file enclosed in it, which allows for a complete history of all files, if done properly. Ideally, each commit should only enclose 
related files, so if rollback becomes necessary, only the relevant files are affected. To have your changes reflected in the master repo,
you need to 'push' the changes (all the commits you have created) to the cloud. You can also 'pull' all changes made by others from the
cloud to your repo, at your own discretion.

tl;dr - When working on a git repository, periodically commit your changes to save them, and unless specific instructions prohibit, try
        to have the most updated version of the repo pulled to your computer.

COMMANDS
--------

git pull : Updates your local repo to match the cloud version.
git add <filename.tag> : Adds your file to the next commit.
git commit [-m "Commit comments"] : Saves the status of the files in the commit.
git push : Pushes all commits to the cloud.
git status : Shows the status of all files in the repository. Includes all new ("untracked") files, files that have been committed but 
             have not been pushed to the cloud, and files deleted locally. Additionally will tell you if there have been changes made to
             the repository in the cloud that you have not downloaded to your local copy.
